When you beat my future brother-in-law to death,
did you ask if he wanted to die?
Mr. Lin Qi,
are you saying Wu Tai killed
your future brother-in-law?
But it was your brother-in-law
who started it, wasn’t it?
Could you please let Wu Tai go?
No… you sound so reasonable.
But,
I never reason.
But little sister,
if you want to save him,
it’s not impossible.
I just have one small condition.
I want
that piece of land in Hou Jiuling’s Xixi…
Hou Jiuling…
I’m here.
Can you…
Do you know how much
that land is worth?
Hmph, one billion.
Euros.
I can’t possibly give you that land.
Let’s discuss another condition.
Since the deal’s off,
no problem.
Business may fail, but goodwill remains, right?
Right?
Since we’re all here,
let’s enjoy
my personally crafted human bomb!
No!
I…
Hou Jiuling, I’m begging you…
That land is absolutely non-negotiable.
Of course.
Take your people out for a bit,
I’ll think it over.
Think it over? You’re still thinking?
Fine, but,
don’t take too long.
I’ll give you five minutes,
when time’s up.